## Mock Exam 1

> Which type of robot can you provision from the UiPath Assistant using the Sign In functionality?
A. Unattended Robot
B. High-Density Robot
C. Attended Robot
D. Both Unattended and Attended

### Answer: C

> What property can you use to ensure the execution of an activity continues even after it fails?
A. The `DelayAfter` property
B. The `WaitForReady` property
C. The `TimeoutMS` property
D. The `ContinueOnError` property

### Answer: D

> Which key combination allows you to automatically create a variable from an activity's property field?
A. Ctrl + A
B. Ctrl + K
C. Ctrl + N
D. Ctrl + P

### Answer: B

> Which of the following best defines a partial selector?
A. It contains all the required elements to identify a UI element, including the root node.
B. It's generated by the Desktop recorder and does not contain a root node.
C. It contains all the required elements to identify a UI element, excluding root node.
D. It's generated by the Basic recorder and does not contain a root node.

### Answer: B & C

## Mock Exam 2

1. Which of the following processes should not be chosen for RPA?
A. Rule-based
B. Voluminous
C. Repetitive in nature
D. A process with high exception rate

### Answer: D

2. How can execution be paused before a particular activity while debugging?
A. By using a `Break` activity
B. By using a `MessageBox` activity
C. By using a breakpoint in `Debug` mode
D. By using a `Wait Attribute` activity

### Answer: C

3. Which key combination allows you to automatically create an `Out` direction argument from an activity's property field?
A. Ctrl + Shift + E
B. Ctrl + Shift + M
C. Ctrl + K
D. Ctrk + P

### Answer: B

4. Can you store a selector in a variable?
A. No.
B. Yes, but the data type should be `Boolean`.
C. Yes, but the data type should be `String`.
D. Yes, but the data type should be `Int32`.

### Answer: C

5. The Variable panel is as follows: {"India", "Dubai", "Singapore", "Nepal", "Sweden", "Maldives"}

6. Which of the following String methods will return the zero-based index of the first occurrence of a character in a string?
A. Concat
B. Format
C. IndexOf
D. SubString

### Answer: C

7. A file called `Inspection.xlsx` has many duplicate entries. If the developer wants to remove the duplicates directly from the `Inspection.xlsx` file, which activity should be used?
A. Remove Data Row
B. Remove Duplicate Rows
C. Remove Data Column
D. Remove Duplicates Range

### Answer: D
